
Selenium Project 
https://github.com/rahulmoundekar/JavaSeleniumAutomationTesting

Java questions:
1. Swap two strings without using a third string.
2. In the given string count characters and store it in string1 variable,  special characters in string2 variable, numerical values in string3 variable
3. Get a list of names from the user and find the string that starts with "J" using java stream
4. From the given list of array find the unique values and display the values in sorted order
5. In the given string count the number of spaces and print the string without any spaces

1 Swap nos without third variable

2. Given an array of fruits sort using ascending order based on the starting letter of the fruit name

3. Count the occ of character in string using hashmap and w/o any function (traditional way)

4. Reverse the array

5. Seperate the numbers , special character and alphabet from given string

6. Palindrome concept explanation

7. Prime nos list program


---------------------------
Write a Program to check if an element is part of a collection or not.
Write a program to reverse an ArrayList.
Write a program to convert ArrayList to LinkedList and vice versa.
How to get the highest and lowest values of a List?
How to make a collection read-only?
What is the difference between Iterator & Enumerator?
Compare different Collection classes with respect to their properties.

List
What are the differences between List & Set?
What are the differences between Array and ArrayList?
What are the differences between Arraylist & LinkedList?

Set
What are the differences between Set & Map?
What are the differences between HashSet & TreeSet?

Map
What are the differences between HashSet & HashMap?
What are the differences between HashMap & TreeMap?




Question 1: Write a Java Program to reverse a String.
Question 2:  Write a Java Program to swap two given Strings
Question 3: Write a Java Program to print the Fibonacci Series.
Question 4: Write a Java Program to check if a number is Armstrong number or not.
Question 5: Write a Java Program to print the sum of digits of a given integer.
Question 6: Write a Java Program to check if a number is Prime or not.
Question 7:  Write a Java Program to count the number of characters in a given String.
Question 8: Write a Java Program to find the duplicates of a given String.
Question 9: Write a Java Program for swapping of 2 numbers.
Question 10: Write a Java Program to reverse an array?
Question 11: Write a Java Program to get the count of Capitalized words in a String.
Question 12: Write a Java Program to find the longest consecutive occurrence of integers in a given array.




Question 13: Write a Java Program to generate Output "aabbbcccc" with the input "a2b3c4"
Question 14: Write a Java Program to print the product of an array except self?
Question 15: Write a Java Program to reverse a number using Stack.
Question 16:  Write a Java Program to print the second largest number in a given array.
Question 17: Write a Java Program to print the first non repeating character in a given String.
Question 18: Write a Java Program to print the maximum consecutive ones in a given array.
Question 19: Write a Java Program to print the first and last position of a number in a given array.
Question 20: Write a Java Program to print numbers 1 to 100 without using any loop(for/while/do-while).
Question 21: Write a Java Program to shift all zeros on the right.
Question 22: Write a Java Program to remove the duplicates from an array.
Question 23: Write a Java Program to iterate through the HashMap.
Question 24: Write a Java Program to convert HashMap to ArrayList.
Question 25: Write a Java Program to print the missing number in a given Array.


1. Swap two Number --- Done

2. Reverse a Number ----Done

3. Reverse a String

4. Palindrome Number

5. Palindrome String

6. Count number of Digits in a Number

7. Count number of even and odd digits

8. Count sum of digits in a number

9. Find largest of 3 numbers

10. Generate Fibonacci Series

11. Check given number is Prime or Not

12. Generate Random number

13. Factorial of a number

14. Find Sum of Elements in Array------>Done

15. Print Even & Odd numbers from an Array------>Done

16. Check the Equality of two Arrays

17. Missing number in an Array------>Done

18. Minimum & Maximum values in Array

19. Duplicate Elements in Array

20. Searching an Element in Array (Liner Search)

22. Searching an Element in Array (Binary Search)

23. Sort Elements in Array (Bubble Sort)

24. Sort Elements in Array (Built-In Sort)

25. Remove Junk or Special Characters in String--------------Done

26. Remove White Spaces in String ----------Done

27. Count occurrences of a character in a String

28. Count Words in a String

29. Reverse each word in a String

30. Read Data from a Text File

31. Write Data into a Text File

32.  Write a java program to capitalize each word in string?

33 Write a java program to tOGGLE each word in string?(Input:

this is javatpoint
Output:

tHIS iS jAVATPOINT)

34. Java Program to find duplicate characters in a String

35 Java Program to prove that strings are immutable in java

36 Java Program to remove all white spaces from a String

37 Java Program to check whether one String is a rotation of another

38 Java Program to count the number of words in a String

39 How to swap two String variables without third variable

40 How to remove a particular character from a String


-------------------------
